[docs] add database discovery overview (#43149)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/discovery/database-service-troubleshooting.mdx

### Database Service

If the `tctl get db` command returns the discovered databases you expect, but
the `tctl db ls` command does not include them, check that you have set the 
`db_service.resources` section correctly, for example:

```yaml
db_service:
  enabled: "yes"
  resources:
  - labels:
      "env": "prod"
```

If the section is correctly configured, but databases still do not appear,
check that you have the correct permissions to list databases in Teleport.

If there are connection errors when you try to connect to a database, then
first check if there are multiple `db_server` heartbeat resources for the target
database: `tctl get db_server/yourDatabaseName`.

> If there are, it means that multiple Teleport Database Services are proxying the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are, it means that multiple Teleport Database Service instances are proxying the
```

database - this is an HA setup that will complicate troubleshooting.
Teleport will choose one of those Database Services at random to proxy the
connection and if one of them can't reach the database endpoint or lacks 
permissions, then you will see random connection errors.

Even if connection errors are consistent, you should scale down or reconfigure

> your Teleport Database Services such that only one matches the target `db`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your Teleport Database Service instances such that only one matches the target `db`
```
